c:\users\djerico\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WordenaServerEF\WordenaServerEF\bin\Debug\WordenaServerEF.exe.config
c:\users\djerico\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WordenaServerEF\WordenaServerEF\bin\Debug\WordenaServerEF.exe
c:\users\djerico\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WordenaServerEF\WordenaServerEF\bin\Debug\WordenaServerEF.pdb
c:\users\djerico\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WordenaServerEF\WordenaServerEF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\djerico\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WordenaServerEF\WordenaServerEF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\djerico\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WordenaServerEF\WordenaServerEF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\djerico\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WordenaServerEF\WordenaServerEF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\djerico\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WordenaServerEF\WordenaServerEF\obj\Debug\WordenaServerEF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\djerico\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WordenaServerEF\WordenaServerEF\obj\Debug\WordenaServerEF.exe
c:\users\djerico\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WordenaServerEF\WordenaServerEF\obj\Debug\WordenaServerEF.pdb
c:\users\djerico\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WordenaServerEF\WordenaServerEF\obj\Debug\WordenaServerEF.Migrations.InitialCreate.resources
c:\users\djerico\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WordenaServerEF\WordenaServerEF\obj\Debug\WordenaServerEF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\djerico\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WordenaServerEF\WordenaServerEF\obj\Debug\WordenaServerEF.Migrations._123.resources
c:\users\djerico\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WordenaServerEF\WordenaServerEF\obj\Debug\WordenaServerEF.Migrations.AddCharTable.resources
c:\users\djerico\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WordenaServerEF\WordenaServerEF\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\djerico\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WordenaServerEF\WordenaServerEF\bin\Debug\WordenaData.dll
c:\users\djerico\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WordenaServerEF\WordenaServerEF\bin\Debug\WordenaData.pdb
c:\users\djerico\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WordenaServerEF\WordenaServerEF\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\djerico\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WordenaServerEF\WordenaServerEF\obj\Debug\WordenaServerEF.Migrations.AddPhrasesClass.resources
C:\Users\Djerico\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WordenaServerEF\WordenaServerEF\bin\Debug\AsyncClientServer.dll
D:\Djerico\Projects\WordenaServerEF\WordenaServerEF\bin\Debug\WordenaServerEF.exe.config
D:\Djerico\Projects\WordenaServerEF\WordenaServerEF\obj\Debug\WordenaServerEF.exe
D:\Djerico\Projects\WordenaServerEF\WordenaServerEF\obj\Debug\WordenaServerEF.pdb
D:\Djerico\Projects\WordenaServerEF\WordenaServerEF\bin\Debug\WordenaServerEF.exe
D:\Djerico\Projects\WordenaServerEF\WordenaServerEF\bin\Debug\WordenaServerEF.pdb
D:\Djerico\Projects\WordenaServerEF\WordenaServerEF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Djerico\Projects\WordenaServerEF\WordenaServerEF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Djerico\Projects\WordenaServerEF\WordenaServerEF\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Djerico\Projects\WordenaServerEF\WordenaServerEF\bin\Debug\WordenaData.dll
D:\Djerico\Projects\WordenaServerEF\WordenaServerEF\bin\Debug\WordenaData.pdb
D:\Djerico\Projects\WordenaServerEF\WordenaServerEF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Djerico\Projects\WordenaServerEF\WordenaServerEF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Djerico\Projects\WordenaServerEF\WordenaServerEF\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Djerico\Projects\WordenaServerEF\WordenaServerEF\obj\Debug\WordenaServerEF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Djerico\Projects\WordenaServerEF\WordenaServerEF\obj\Debug\WordenaServerEF.Migrations.InitialCreate.resources
D:\Djerico\Projects\WordenaServerEF\WordenaServerEF\obj\Debug\WordenaServerEF.Migrations._123.resources
D:\Djerico\Projects\WordenaServerEF\WordenaServerEF\obj\Debug\WordenaServerEF.Migrations.AddCharTable.resources
D:\Djerico\Projects\WordenaServerEF\WordenaServerEF\obj\Debug\WordenaServerEF.Migrations.AddPhrasesClass.resources
D:\Djerico\Projects\WordenaServerEF\WordenaServerEF\obj\Debug\WordenaServerEF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
